haven't seen you for a long time. I have something else to do, so I'll leave first.
Okay, like this,
Half item, this is my business card,
If you have something to do with me, you can't keep me here.
It's nothing, just take a drink
I ask you to check that I, as you, continue to look for and dislike family ties.
Moreover, the person I like,
I'll go in first.
But what, accompany the injury, accompany the injury,
There is nowhere to accompany the wounded, I have only been gone for a few days,
Do I have it? Thank you sister,
My family also doesn’t want you to be your biological child.
we want to get married
only boyfriend
because i am you
She spent all the discrimination
There are also tens of millions of outsiders
But I gave up
I don't want to drag her down anymore
How could it be?
She loves you so much that you die
What should she do? Sister, forgive me.
Did I say that I wanted to commit suicide again?
I would never put it in yours
You can only supervise some red accounts
Have to know
I will never thank you again
Happy sister